Update README.md (#72)
vtex-apps/checkout-cart: docs/README.md

# Checkout Cart - WIP
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

> ```diff
> - ALERT! -
> - This is an ongoing unsupported unfinished undocumented project. We do not guarantee any results after installation. -
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️⚠️ **This is an ongoing, unsupported, unfinished and undocumented project. We do not guarantee any results after installation, use it at your own risk.** ⚠️⚠️
```
